---
title: "About Me"
---

Hello! My name is Bilguun Byambadorj, and I am a data engineer with a strong background in both mathematics and computer science. My journey in the technical field has been diverse and enriching, spanning academia and industry. I graduated in 2011 with a Bachelor of Science in Mathematics and Computer Science. This dual degree laid a solid foundation for my analytical and problem-solving skills, which I further honed during my graduate studies. In 2014, I earned a Master of Science in Nuclear Science and Engineering, followed by a Ph.D. in the same field in 2017. During my time as a Ph.D. student, I conducted extensive research, which led me to a position as a Research Assistant at the University of Michigan from 2018 to 2019. My work at the university focused on cutting-edge research in nuclear science, contributing valuable insights and advancements in the field. In 2019, I transitioned from academia to the tech industry, joining Capital One as a Software Developer. This role marked the beginning of my career in software development, where I applied my technical expertise to develop robust and scalable software solutions. Currently, I am a Data Engineer at Capital One, a position I have held since 2020. In this role, I design, build, and maintain the infrastructure that enables the collection, storage, and analysis of large datasets. My work helps drive data-driven decision-making and innovation within the company. With a unique combination of academic rigor and industry experience, I am passionate about leveraging data to solve complex problems and create impactful solutions. Feel free to explore my portfolio to see some of the projects I have worked on, or reach out to me via [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/yourprofile) or [email](mailto:bilguunbyam@gmail.com).
